---
layout: post
title: Speaking at Panel
color: rgb(216,178,209)
tags: [Katex, Markdown]
except_separator: <!--more-->
---
I did my first tech panel!!

Had the pleasure today to speak at the Women in Tech event hosted by the Women Encounter CEO Emily Conroy alongside my fellow interns Sumaya Aden , Kim Nghiem, Rajani Velchuri, and peer mentor.It was wonderful  to hear these incredible jounrey that these women took in their journey to tech.  It was my first time speaking at panel in front of many people and it was definately a challenge for me. Being a stutter , I was always afraid of speaking in public , enchance public speaking being one of my fears. I have always let myself believe that with my disability that I would not ever be able to do public speak. I had this thought in my mind that my stuttering will hinder the time of other people speaking . But during this internship at target , I learned so much about myself and I grew a lot. I learned that my story is important for people to hear that I should not let anything put me down. I learned to be courages and confident in myself with capiblotes as sofware developer and as person. As I continued in the internship these past three months I been speaking out more team meeting, volunteered to do demos and now finally doing my first panel. I would never I seen myself at this place a year ago but boy am I proud of where and who I am today. As I continue this journey , my main take out to myself and to whoever is reading is to 
